hi folks is Rex from a galaxy note 2
route dot-com so I've got a quick
overview of the bullet colonel you can
actually run this if you're running
Android 4.1.2 in the future just in case
you're running anything higher Oh
actually running on for Android 4.1.2
out for that one that one sorry so you
should work on for that one that one or
4.1.2 I'm not sure if they'll work on
future versions or previous versions but
you can see it's bullet colonel go ahead
and just install it in clockworkmod
recovery that's pretty much it and once
you've installed this kernel it should
give you the ability to overclock now
you need to download and install setcpu
you can go to the Play Store it's like
one dot dollar ninety-nine you can get
it there or you can also download it
free on XDA just google setcpu and look
for the XTA forms link for it and then
just sign up for XDA it's free and then
you can install this and once you run it
you can actually overclocked to 1.9
gigahertz now before you set it on boot
that means it's gonna actually set to
one point ninety years when your phone
boots up you don't want to do that too
you know try running a quadrant at one
point now without setting it on boot so
let's actually try that is running at
1.9 gigahertz now and you can see last
run I got 70 125 so pretty fairly fast
kernel here and if you want to get like
super fast beats definitely check this
one out and you can probably install it
on those custom roms that are running
android 4.1.1 or 4.1.2 and you know I
don't really recommend running that fast
1.8 gigahertz 1.7 1.8 gears you should
see plenty of speed improvements only go
one point knowing if you're like a
hardcore gamer you
you just need to be just going the super
fastest and overclocking at 1.9 gear
it's doesn't mean your phone is always
running out 1.9 Gertz it's only gonna
actually ramp up to that when your phone
needs to go that fast and it's pretty
safe to do I mean these mobile
processors are made to go pretty fast up
some some up with my connection there so
let's try that again but pretty good
kernel and running pretty good and have
no problems with it this one or the note
2 kernel and this is for the t-mobile
Galaxy Note 2 please do not install on
any other galaxy note 2 if you have s GH
t a8 9 model or the TA 9 V model the the
Canadian models that start in SGA's ta 9
should be fine otherwise please do not
install as it can mess up your phone but
I like this you know kernel so far and
at one point nine years I've been
running quadrant a bunch of times and
it's you know if I can run a bunch of
times without my phone hanging up um
that's a pretty good sign and there we
go I've got 70 72 46 that is at first
for me here on my Galaxy Note 2 this is
the fastest speed I've gotten so far
oh my camera sucks here I want my main
camera today but check it out for this
week check out the this kernel bullet
kernel you can install it on any custom
ROM and let me know what you think and
let me know what kind of highest scores
you can get you can usually run it
quadrant like 5 times and you know take
the the fastest time there and let me
know but looking pretty good and a hot
bunch of more kernel stuff you know
overview too but actually I'm running
just stock rom here and I just installed
it over stock so so you can also see um
how much you know performance
improvements you have the over these top
1.6 gears and also if you have a galaxy
note 2 any of the Galaxy Note 2's don't
forget sign up for my email list at
Galaxy Note 2 comm we update you once a
week with normally we tips acts more and
also if you're on youtube please that
like button here subscribe button down
there too and I'll see you guys later
and stay high on and
oh yeah and I see y'all later